# SevenKingdoms-master
Seven Kingdoms for Crusader Kings 2 Master

Current State: Alpha, Prototype

Status: Functional

-------------

NEWS:

I've (Rowan) added a video (.mp4) showing how to rename provinces. Very much a basic video, but it does the job. 12 Minutes long because I ramble, will probably make a new one some other time.

-------------

NOTE:
ZeroFighterR, using Excel, ran into an issue where the (C) symbol would be autocorrected into the copyright symbol ©. This is bad, because it won't be recognised and will throw up errors when we compile the map. A quick fix can be found here: http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/issues/2008/nov/stopexcelfromdisplayingthecopyrightsymbolwhenyouwantc.html

OpenOffice Calc does the same, but you can navigate to Tools -> AutoCorrectOptions (at the bottom) and delete the (C) to copyright symbol.

-------------

Welcome!

The Seven Kingdoms is a mod for Crusader Kings 2, built for large multiplayer games in a sandbox environment, generally with a predefined setting. It will feature bookmarks from the years 7400-8000, the last dates stopping before the 'Doom of Valyria'.

With over 1400 Provinces, the mod rivals the Vanilla game and exceeds the 'Game of Thrones Mod' in regards to the number of provinces. However, it will likely feature far fewer events and simplified mechanics for the purpose of stable and engaging multiplayer.

Intensity wise, it will likely rival the Vanilla game, though we intend for it to be just as stable if not more so. Good practice with how we create our events and decisions, and how we write our triggers will be of great importance. Avoiding events, although great for singleplayer, such as the Winter event and slavery chains seen in Game of Thrones, will be but a small way we hope to boost our performance.

We intend to make all of this mod's mechanics from scratch, if possible. It will be updated on a very much long-term process, and early playable versions will likely be used for our weeklies.

# So, looking to contribute?

One of the main objectives is to fill the map. Baronies need to be added, names need to be assigned to duchies, baronies and provinces. This can all be done through one file:

You can find it in:

SevenKingdoms-master/The_Seven_Kingdoms/map/

The Name of the file is:

provinceDef.xls

I personally use OpenOffice to edit this file.

If you have Excel, that will be fine. If you edit the file, when you save it you will generally be prompted as to whether or not you want to save it in it's existing format, or convert it to a new format. This message will be different for each tool, so make sure that whatever option is selected, it is one that preserves the format being used, otherwise there may be issues.

# Land Titles and History

You can edit files within:

The_Seven_Kingdoms/history/titles/
The_Seven_Kingdoms/history/characters/

Be extremely careful about edits made within this folder:

The_Seven_Kingdoms/common/landed_titles/

This is because 01_landed_titles.txt will be overwritten repeatedly during development. This cannot be avoided. This file is generated by one of the tools we use; the MapFiller tool. If you want to make soft changes to landed_titles, you need to create an override file.

An example file has been provided:

02_OVERRIDE_vanilla_hardcoded_titles.txt

So, for example, if you want to edit titles, create a file called 02_OVERRRIDE_regionname_titles.txt, however do not edit tiles with a placeholder name. For example, editing c_province_id_554 or d_duchy_id_336 won't work if those titles are renamed. In other words, only edit properly named titles.

If you want to add new titular titles, put them in a 03_TITULAR_regionname_titles.txt file. Try not to link them to any pre-existing title, in case said titles are not final. That sort of stuff can be sorted later.

# Characters and Dynasties

We are also looking for characters and Dynasties. Banners for their houses are not important, and placeholders can be used.
